I just picked up this new 10,000 watt
diesel generator normally the generator
is set on the ground next to a home and
it looks much smaller
I had the generator put on this trailer
so I could take it up to my garage and
play around with it a little bit it
didn't take me very long to add oil fuel
and antifreeze and connect the battery
after starting it up I played with this
adjustable voltage regulator and noticed
how I can swing the voltage up and down
depending on my needs or what country I
want to use a generator in some places
need 220 sub 1 240 when you walk around
the generator and have a good look at
the enclosure it looks strong and it's
built well there's features on here that
you don't see in other generators even a
rust resistant paint has been used many
people would not even know that they
using a diesel engine because there's no
smoke or bad smell associated with
there's no need to connect this
generator to a faucet line you'll find
the built-in fuel tank underneath the
engine here has enough fuel storage to
run the generator for over 24 hours
to quickly get power you can plug into
this 30 amp outlet on the front of the
generator or you could make a more
permanent connection to your home at a
later time
now you'll really like the doors on this
generator if you ever tight for space
you can remove the doors putting it all
back together again it's just as easy
now we all know water and electricity
don't mix and these generators are often
running when it's pouring rain out and
the weather conditions are not ideal
every panel door Ernests on weather
stripping automotive grade whether it's
true even foam pads like this one here
to help minimize vibrations and keep the
water out to further protect the
generator from water damage even
stainless steel hinges are used and rust
resistant nuts and bolts with lock
washers are used everywhere even the
lock on the door is solid every part of
this generator has very easy access from
those 30 amp outlet I can plug into my
manual transfer switch to these more
permanent connections under here where
I'd run a cable out to my home just open
a side door and even the battery is very
easy to access there's two ways to check
and see how much fuel you have you can
check right here and a fuel Inlet or
that's a little electrical connection
shows you on another gauge and the front
panel of the generator you don't have to
get dirty when you change the oil just
open up that valve and take this cover
off over here and the oil and water can
drain out into a pan now you do those
regular oil changes and you change your
fuel filter and your air filter when
necessary and you'll find that this
engine will last you well over 10,000
hours the alternator or generator had
you don't have to worry about that it's
maintenance-free it's also CSA approved
for both Canada and the United States
it's really high quality examine the
wiring now behind the electrical panel
you'll find everything is very well laid
out it's all labeled and easy to follow
everything is just so simple next time
the power fails you could make your own
electricity
now if turning a key and pushing a
button to start a generator is too much
work for you you can get this automatic
transfer switch as an option it'll
safely disconnect your home from your
main power source and redirect it to the
generator when the power fails it
automatically turns on a generator and
automatically turns it off when power
has been restored and reconnects things
back to the main power